WEEK 01
This week the group of 5 was formed and Jira, Confluence and GitHub were set up. As a team we discussed which project 
we would like to undertake and decided on the ReadRecommend system. We had a group meeting and created a draft of all
the user stories for our project and decided on rolls for each team member so that the proposal could get underway.

WEEK 02
We played Planning Poker during our tutorial session so that we could estimate the user story points for each user story.
By the end of this week I had almost fully completed the storyboard, however, I just needed to finalise the position of
the graphics so they are better displayed on the A4 page of the report. We have decided that each group member should have
their part of the proposal done by Monday so that we can finalise it before we begin our first sprint.

WEEK 03
I have finalised the storyboards and added them to the proposal document. I have subdivided the storyboards based on
similar user stories to make them easier to read.

We had a group meeting during our regular tutorial time where we divided
tasks between group members in order to set up the project. My job is to work with Joshy to create the foundations for the
React app.

I spent the last 2 days of the week working on learning the fundementals of React and what other packages we will need to
install.

WEEK 04
I have begun the week continuing to learn React. I am currently looking into what other group members have pushed to git
with regards to the data base and flask to begin trying to integrate a basic React app with it all so that we can begin
working on user stories.

WEEK 05
This week was spent finishing our first sprint. I implemented the create account and login screens which enabled new users
to create an account and store the new credentials in the database and then log in securely to the site. We performed our demo
successfully and completed retrospective 1 ready to move onto sprint 2.

WEEK 06
After struggling to understand React conceptually a little whilst working on the first sprint I have taken some time this week
to read up on some vanilla JavaScript and React documentation to hopefully make the programming expereince a little nicer whilst
working on sprint 2. I am currently working on the UI for the search feature. I am implementing a search bar and fetching the results
from the Flask side to display the correct results to the user.
